The scaffolding hadn't worked. They'd put wooden beams up there, tried to bolt the wood to the strange material that makes up the long chain. It flexes as it moves and the bolts came loose and it all came falling down. 

The [[BoltWire]]s hadn't worked. They fired up the wires and the blades stuck into the strange material, they pulled up hanging platforms and pullies. Then our food froze, then the winds came, then we retreated from the sky. 

At the top of [[Panry]], far from the reaches of the empire, the [[Exiled Coalition]] had sent researchers to the impossible chain at the top of the world. The cold desert trek was difficult but with each warm body fed to island our infant nation's presence seemed more welcome. Soon the old guard had made infrastructure, small railway lines, places to move food and resources. The coalition had funded them beyond mere curiosity, there was hunger in their commitment. I knew they were struggling to feed us. I knew the people starved in a land where the only food could break rock and bend [[Hyalloy]]. Yet the coalition insisted. 

"You are those who have forgotten how to plant.", the old guard would brand our new generation that knew little of the empire, when they dragged themselves home, desperate to see the hallowed faces of those starving that they called family before change wiped them as well. After banishment from the [[Murnang Empire]], nothing was sacred, of that they were convinced. This land they now walked was not for planting, it was for the beasts. Despite this, these men that could help us were still food, by the order of the coalition, for the cold at the top of our shallow planet. I had followed them, young and hypocritical as I was, to figure out why. 

We knew it was cold up there, of course we did, but when higher above ground than anyone had been cold does not describe it. It is like the air sucks your blood from your veins. I had been up there in the cold two days total. I had been down there on the ground when they fired the wires. We were there to set up platforms only durable enough to fire another [[BoltWire]] from, and then other men would follow in our footsteps and climb higher. Length by length, man by man, we would find the end of the chain. 

By the evening of day one, all food we had brought was frozen beyond edibility. The two men I climbed with still took bites from their frostbitten rations, waited for their mouths to warm it up, before they inevitably crunched down on ice and slurry. By the morning of the second day, ice had slipped around the small hole the [[BoltWire]] blade had sunk into the chain. We had made our way around the chain, looping wire around one of its gargantuan loops and swinging to find higher purchase on another side. The process of making a platform was known to me now, though the two old guard I was with didn't hold my confidence for a test run, so I stood on the frosted wooden platform pulling one of their ropes taught.

As I felt the weight of the man pull the wire into my straining shoulder, I watched him intently as he made loop around the higher chain link, making weight adjustments to the pully system before stepping on the platform himself and testing the weight. Satisfied, he told me to let the rope slack, and prompted me to make my way over. I always had a knack for heights, but by the time I'd hoisted myself onto the new platform, myself and the other man were high enough to see the blue begin to swallow the ground just as it swallowed the chain high, high above us. The realization of what we were attempting dropped my stomach.

Satisfied that I have reviewed and checked his work, the old guard who set up the platform swung deftly to the lower platform to join his work mate. As I observed the sea bend over the horizon and the very slightest hint of the [[Exiled Coalition]], the men below me prepped a [[BoltWire]]. This was the last job we needed to do before we made the trip back to the ground.

The [[BoltWire]] blade gave way. The platform, two men on top of it, suddenly found themselves in free fall. As if pulled down with them, I jumped with a wire still tied to me. I grabbed one. The other fell into the distance, howling, becoming smaller and smaller. Word has it that both the man and the platform split as they hit the ground. I lugged myself and the remaining old guard back up to our hanging refuge. For an hour I remember us two, simply curled up there, not daring to move as if just now realizing the danger we were in.

We did make it back though. We met the recovery team half way there, two traumatized climbers belaying down the giant chain, taking rest on occasional wooden platforms. I spent two weeks in the hospital tent, the shock-poisoned old guard went home. 

It was in the hospital that I met the prince. 

He introduced himself as a scientist, and then someone corrected him, reminded him of his position in an attempt to remind me to pay some sort of respect. The prince seemed to wave this off. That was the first thing I noticed about the man, an allergy to his own position. He congratulated me awkwardly on my survival, thanked me for my service, and then began asking his questions. They were intricate, first pitched at a level of scientific context I could not answer with, but eventually general enough that he seemed satisfied with the response. 

Over my recovery, I spent more and more time with our new scientist. Reportedly, as the highest climber available, the prince simply required to return regularly with questions regarding the environment and chain construction. On the occasions I left the medical tent, I could see him make preparations, organizing [[Quantum Runes]] in which to better enable the climb, and large [[BoltWire]]-like mechanisms. 

On the day before I was due to leave the medical tent and climb again, the prince visited me once more. When he asked me to climb with him, I had to ask him why. He started slow. Started explaining the death of his sister when he was a baby. Started explaining the banishment of the kings, the removal of the now "[[Exiled Coalition]]" leaders from the court of [[Murnang Empire]], the subsequent creation of the [[System of Three Kings]]. He described meetings in the one major city of the [[Exiled Coalition]], the fear in the voices of our leaders, the hunger of the masses, the weight of all the choices, the failure of hunting the beasts. The prince stooped before me, as I sat up in my bed, his eyes wet with tears and flickering in candlelight. He asked that I go with him, because he wanted to believe something up there would save us. In that moment I kissed him. And he kissed me. 

The following morning we climbed. Same method as previous but with better equipment. The prince had arrived at the conclusion that the sickness and necessity for recovery after climbing is due to a lack of air at higher altitudes. As a consequence we climbed with facial wraps with specially designed [[Quantum Runes]] that allowed for oxygen to be supplied to us. As well as this, we both carried augmented [[BoltWire]]s with extended capabilities and several wires with which to load them. He insisted we carry thick clothes against possible increasing cold, and use exclusively dried food We spent 42 days climbing, camping on the wooden platforms, resting regular in each others company. We grew to find warmth in each other. Days before my descent, I told him I wanted to return with him to the kings, and he knew what I meant. 

By the time we reached our highest point, the sky blurred to darkness as the curve of our planet bent and warped beneath us. We could see the chain extend far upwards, to a point now, so far in the distance it baffled us. I remember his face, mouth covered by the wrap, staring up at the aim of our journey. We both recognized the absence of all clear answers, and in a fit of visible desperation, I saw him take out a device.

He didn't tell me what it did, but he did explain what he was planning in a voice close to madness. We'd both noticed a sense of floating as we came closer to the dark sky. He explained to me feverishly that he wanted to use the [[BoltWire]] to launch himself upwards, hoping his new weightlessness would allow him an angle to use the device in the direction of the chain's origin. 

I nodded, bewildered by the pace and intensity that had captured him, my head light and swimming. He shot the [[BoltWire]] into the distance, yanked himself forward and immediately flung himself deep into the dark. Then, the [[BoltWire]] blade was sweped from the chain by its wire. He moved forward, he fired over and over. Slowly I watched as the form drifted into emptiness. After a moment, I watched the form of the prince drop the device, it wandering towards me as if thrown. Without fear for the black, without fear for the damned chain, I pulled myself towards the prince. By the time I got to him, he was dead. I left him there, blood pooling from his eyes.

Slowly, I made my way back down. I met a rescue party one quarter of the way up. I showed them the device. One old guard recognized what it was, proof our planet orbited something the distance made imperceptible, something the chain attached us to. Useless. All of it was useless.

I recovered for a week, sat boiling and restless. Then I took the train back to the [[Exiled Coalition]]. Over the next year, I would make my way to the capital of the [[Murnang Empire]], and blow up half their sick emperor's palace. 