[[Aramic Salash]] was slated for death. He knew that. Slide down the wet scaffolds of the palace's rebuilding halls. Plant feet on the stone beneath. Slip into the shadows. A courtier that had spoken out against the emperor, made plans but not attempts, and caught. It was like he could see the noose for his neck already, as he dropped down onto the city streets. The fear squeezed everything, his head compressed to primal hungers for freedom. For safety. For the hole of the [[Three-Hare]] which he could burrow himself, wait for the hungry predators to starve and the microbes to take his revenge for him. 

Not to be, he was gathering that already. As he scrambled and slid along the slick cobbles of thin, warping backstreets he could peak into the wide chauvinist streets and take top-heavy glimpses as his feet gave way beneath him. Round the rough, pocked walls he spotted guards, their [[Palay Armor]] reflective in the rain, the visor scattering deep purple light against wet surfaces. They stuck wanted signs to walls. Aramic could spot the bounty. "Not enough.", his ego screamed, like the yelps of a beaten man. 

Then he'd best prove it. He knew his way out of the city, away from the wide arteries of the city, down thinner and thinner back allies, squeezed and squeezed, until his chest and back felt rough stone and he could spot a heat vent above him. A recent attachment of one of his co-conspirators, even if they were mid-raid on the peasant's poor life, a quiet enough courtier would be unnoticed. 

Perfect, all he needed to do was survive, the others could fall but he, he was the key to unseating everything. His brain loosened and he smirked at the thought of it, like he had already won. Pressing himself out and up between the two walls, he raised himself until he could get up to the vent, unhooked the grate (just as planned), and stuffed himself in. The heat sweated him beneath his finest courtier gowns as he bundled their excess through the orange, glowing slot with him. His feet dangled over a drop, as he lightly tested the walls of the vent with wandering heels. Then, in attempting to find flat purchase, he dropped. 

His momentum slipped him unceremoniously down the vent and out like posh bundled refuge, the heat vent dropping him fast past the access grate from the home, grating him over a hose pipe and into a grey water sewer through a slot built purposely too-big. He plopped into cold waste, and all ego was gone. He stoop up in waste high water, heaving against the now water heavy robes. Cursing himself, the peasant he was working with, and the emperor himself, he walked with the river flow for some time until a grate framed it tearing down into the distance. He looked for a way up onto the surface, knowing he was now a ways away from the city.

Eventually, he found a way up to a walkable ledge that looked over the flowing grey water, pulling himself up on maintenance hooks jutting from the concrete pipe. He raised himself, bundling the sopping mass of his once ornate clothing. He stumbled forward, jerking cold step by jerking cold step, dripping a trail towards a ladder. Gripping the sides, he stepped towards a hatch to open air, the cold wind holding his mind once again in a grip of fear, torn from it's monotonous complacency. 

[[Aramic Salash]] climbed. He climbed from the hatch, he found himself climbing the side of a bridge, the river below connecting to the water system he had become far too familiar with. The wet mass of his robes jerked in the wind, almost wrenching him from the wall and plummeting him down far below towards the river. The moment he looked down, he still saw a noose below him, and the sight of this flicked his muscles into a scramble up and over the bridge's short walls.

From the road he found himself on,he could see the capital in the distance. Tall pagodas stacked themselves themselves, bearing down on the compressed mess of smaller huts beneath them. Aramic could see where his old apartment used to be, one of many within the palace's walls. He could see the scaffolding pour down like water on one side of the palace, half of it under reconstruction. He took a moment, like the [[Three-Hare]], dazed in moonlight, brought to a halt under the magnitude of his new undertaking.

[[Aramic Salash]]'s wanted poster lay delicately across the mercenaries thigh. They checked the face, wide-eyes and breathing heavy in their blurry [[Glass Magnifier]], clearly believing themselves outside of danger. Ready to be dealt with, and that was all the mercenary needed, and that was all the emperor had requested. They readied a [[BoltWire]], aimed for the stunned man's foot, and fired with a crack and a piercing whistle.

It wasn't a noise Aramic recognized, not that it would have helped him. A barbed blade had shot at bullet speeds through his foot, sending agony up through his legs and snapping him from his trance. The blade itself had dug most of it's length into the bridge's stone. 